Update to clarify alternate journaling support (#2603)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/security-and-compliance/journaling/journaling.md

When you configure an alternate journaling mailbox, all the journal reports that are rejected or can't be delivered across your entire Exchange organization are delivered to the alternate journaling mailbox. Therefore, it's important to make sure that the alternate journaling mailbox and the Mailbox server where it's located can support many journal reports.

> [!CAUTION]

> > If you configure an alternate journaling mailbox, you must monitor the mailbox to make sure that it doesn't become unavailable at the same time as the journal mailboxes. If the alternate journaling mailbox also becomes unavailable or rejects journal reports at the same time, the rejected journal reports are lost and can't be retrieved. Due to [existing limits on receiving email for Exchange Online mailboxes](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/servicedescriptions/exchange-online-service-description/exchange-online-limits#receiving-limits), it's not supported to configure the alternate journaling mailbox to be in Exchange Online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you configure an alternate journaling mailbox, you must monitor the mailbox to make sure that it doesn't become unavailable at the same time as the journal mailboxes. If the alternate journaling mailbox also becomes unavailable or rejects journal reports at the same time, the rejected journal reports are lost and can't be retrieved. Due to [existing limits on receiving email for Exchange Online mailboxes](/office365/servicedescriptions/exchange-online-service-description/exchange-online-limits#receiving-limits), configuring the alternate journaling mailbox in Exchange Online is not supported.
```

Author: @JohanFreelancer9 I've updated the text since your changes change the intent of the message which is that you can't set the alternate journaling mailbox to be one that's hosted in Exchange Online, feel free to review the copy again.
